Hey, and welcome to collecting,
labeling, and validating data.
This course is all about
data and not just data,
but data in a production
machine learning setting,
you'll discover that there are
quite a few differences between
production data and data
that you might have
been using in,
an academic or
research environment
and that's what this
course is all about.
I'm really excited
to get started,
so let's get going.
We've got some really
important stuff
to talk about this week.
This week is all about data,
collecting our data, labeling
it, and validating it.
Let's get started
before we jump in.
I know there maybe some of
you who are coming from
a more academic or
research setting
who might be thinking data?
I already know all about
data what am I going
to learn here?
Well, in production environments,
you discover some
interesting things
about the importance of data.
Hear two quotes from
ML practitioners
had businesses where Data
and ML is mission-critical.
Talking about how they view
the importance of data.
First, from Uber, Data is
the hardest part of ML and
the most important
piece to get right.
Broken data is the most
common cause of problems in
production ML Systems
and next from Gojek,
no other activity in the
machine learning lifecycle has
a higher return on
investment than
improving the data a
model has access to.
The truth is that if
you go to just about
any production ML team
and ask them about the
importance of data.
You'll get similar answers.
So that's why we're talking about
data because it's
incredibly important to
success and the issues for
data in production
environments are
very different from the academic
or research environments
that you might be familiar with.
Okay, now that we've got
that out of the
way, let's dive in.
So this is our Introduction to
Machine Learning for production
and we're going to
start with an overview.
Let's get started by
establishing what
Machine Learning
and Production is?
And how you can view
Production ML really as
a combination of ML development
and modern software
development practices?
We'll also discuss
some of the challenges
that are unique to Production ML.
In an academic or
research setting,
modeling is really fairly simple.
Well, maybe not simple,
but perhaps less complicated.
Anyway, typically you
have some dataset,
often standard dataset that
supplied to you and
already cleaned and
labeled and you're
going to use that to
train your model and
evaluate the results.
The end result is a model
that makes good predictions.
So you'll probably go through
a few iterations to fully
optimize the model.
Once you're satisfied
with the results,
then typically you're done.
Production ML requires a
lot more than just a model.
We found that the model is
typically about 5 percent of
the code required to put
an ML application
into production.
Take a look at all
the other boxes
that are in this
diagram and you'll
get some idea about what we're
going to be talking about.
Fundamentally, we're not just
talking about machine
learning and modeling.
We're talking about
Production ML applications
and what it takes to create them,
deploy them, maintain them,
and improve them so that
you can make them
available to your users
and your business or
your organization if you're
doing something
like a non-profit.
Let's compare some of
the differences between ML
modeling in a researcher,
academic setting and
real production ML.
To start with, in an academic
or research environment,
you're typically using
a static dataset
for Production ML
real-world data is used,
which is dynamic and
usually shifting.
The design priority for
academic or research
ML is usually
the highest accuracy over
the entire training set but
the design priority for
Production ML is
fast inference and
good interpretability and of
course, accuracy and cost.
Model training for
research ML is based on
a single optimal result and
the tuning and training
necessary to achieve it.
Production ML requires
continuous monitoring,
assessment, and retraining.
Interpretability and fairness is
very important for
any ML modeling,
but it's absolutely
crucial for Production ML.
Finally, while, the main
challenge of academic and
research ML is finding intuiting,
a high-accuracy model.
For production ML the
challenge is that
plus everything else,
the entire system.
It would be fair to
say that you can look
at Production Machine Learning
as both machine learning
itself and the
knowledge and skillset
required and modern
software development.
It really requires expertise in
both areas to be successful,
because you're not just
producing a single result,
you're developing a
product or service that
is often a mission critical
part of your offering.
ML development itself
focuses on specific issues
related with the data and
the quality of predictions.
For example, assuming that
you're doing supervised learning,
then you need to make sure
that your labels are accurate,
and you also need
to make sure that
your training dataset
has examples which cover
the same feature space as
the request that your
model will receive.
You also want to reduce
the dimensionality of
your feature vector to optimize
your system performance,
while retaining or enhancing
the predictive
information on your data.
Throughout all of this,
you need to consider and measure
the fairness of your
data and model,
especially for rare conditions,
for example, in domains
such as health care,
where rare but
important conditions
may be absolutely
critical to success.
But on top of all of that,
you're putting a piece
of software into
production that requires
a system design,
that includes all of the
things that are required for
any production
software deployment.
Of course, this
deployment has to be
focused on ML and
your application.
Is your system scalable?
Can you scale it
both up and down?
Can you extend it
cleanly to add new
stuff when you need to?
Does it have a clear,
well-defined configuration?
Is it consistent?
Can you reliably
reproduce results?
Is it hardened against attacks?
Is the design modular?
Following modern software
development principles.
Can you test individual units?
Can you do end-to-end testing?
Can you continuously monitor
the health and performance
of your system and be alerted
when there are problems?
Have you adopted
industry best practices?
Using a model in real-world
applications requires
much more than just
an understanding
of machine learning algorithms.
The first step is scoping,
which focuses on defining
the project needs and
goals and the resources
required to achieve them.
Next, you start
working on your data,
which defining the
features that you're
going to use well as organizing
and labeling your data.
That may sometimes
include measuring
human level performance to set
a baseline for comparison.
Then you design
and train a model.
In this phase, error
analysis will help you
refine your model to suit
your project's needs.
After training your model,
you deploy it so that it can be
used to serve
prediction requests.
You might deploy your model on
mobile devices, on a Cloud,
or in IoT devices,
or even in a web browser.
Over time, real-world data
continuously changes,
which can result in
a degradation of your
model performance.
You need to continuously
monitor the performance
of your model,
and if you measure a
drop in performance,
you need to go back to model
retraining and tuning,
or revise your data.
During deployment,
new data may affect
your project design
either positively or
negatively and risk coping
might be necessary.
Ultimately, all these steps
create your production ML system,
which needs to run
automatically such that
you're continuously monitoring
your model performance,
ingesting new data, and
retraining as needed,
and then redeploying to
maintain or improve
your performance.
The challenges when
doing production ML are
very different than
academic or research ML,
or in some sense they're the
same but include a lot more.
You're going to be building
an integrated system
specifically focused
on ML use cases.
You need to think about operating
it continuously in production,
and for online use cases,
that means it has to
stay available 24/7.
You've got to think about
and put systems in place,
to handle a changing world and
changing data, and of course,
like any production system,
you need to try to
do all of this at
the minimum cost while producing
the maximum performance.
It might seem daunting,
but the good news
is that there are
well-established tools and
methodologies for doing this,
and we'll be covering many
of those in this course.
The challenges when
doing production ML are
very different than
academic or research ML,
or in some sense they're the
same but include a lot more.
You're going to be building
an integrated system
specifically focused
on ML use cases.
You need to think about operating
it continuously in production,
and for online use cases,
that means it has to
stay available 24/7.
You've got to think about
and put systems in place,
to handle a changing world and
changing data, and of course,
like any production system,
you need to try to
do all of this at
the minimum cost while producing
the maximum performance.
It might seem daunting,
but the good news
is that there are
well-established tools
and methodologies for
doing all of this and you'll
learn a lot about
them in this course.